What are you doing ?!
I got it in me.
Shit Community!
Neimen ... It was then
scary to hum at you, then.
You must smile to the world.
I woke up to two dirty men
did its thing in my mouth.
- And I think I swallowed some of it.
-Number two?
-What? No!
-You probably have nothing to complain about.
Tiss from the source is completely sterile.
Doesn't taste so bland either.
Yes, it tastes delicious.
You learn to appreciate
on the little points gradually.
The Vikings are creative
in the area there.
Just take off your hat.
I don't take my hat off
to pee in the mouth.
No no. You can wear it, you.
No!
-No no ...
- Dirty whores!
- Staying down!
-No!
You killed my hubby!
Just penetrate me, but save the kids!
-I think I need to take a break.
-Break? Had we started?
-I need water or something.
-Okay. This is just gonna be stupid.
-Embarrassing!
-I think too much.
- Then I'll be stressed.
-Okay. Just get up.
The new farmer is unable to perform. Just hanging there like a snail.
I'm sorry. I'm starting to
Think too much. Then one forgets to feel.
Then you get stressed.
Here, everyone gives the iron for
to make a big show around you.
Then it's like
not good enough. What do we do then?
I just wanted to try
to get in the mood.
Your sexual experience
consists of rape and coercion.
- Why isn't this good enough?
- With them, it didn't matter.
But we are married and very
crush. I think you're so pretty.
That is why. I get performance anxiety because you are too pretty.
- It's cute, then. Do you think so?
-Yes.
Do you know what I think? I think so
is a fucking whistle. And that's only your fault.
You're not going down the arc
again. There's a lot to do here.
Arvid!
Imagine that -
my very last day as a slave.
For over 20 years I have been working and struggling.
But today, when I put the ax in
the tool shed, I am a free man.
-What are you planning to do?
-Yes, where do I start?
I want to take care of myself
all that life has to offer:
Traveling, sucking my impressions,
especially visual impressions.
-You've always been an aesthetic.
-I love watching.
Glane, look,
glowing, peeking, whey -
- believe, Scots,
behold, behold, behold.
Monkeys, yes, generally take things into view.
Now I have learned
to read too, so these eyes -
- Jaggu will have to move forward.
Arvid.
-What's there for something?
- I don't see anything.
Two extremely pointed objects
comes rushing at tremendous speed.
You must learn how to communicate.
(A loud scream from the forest)
- It was arrows!
-In Lok's name!
- Can't you do anything?
- Don't take them out!
- They have barbs. I feel it.
- You can't possibly know that.
You can't walk around with
two arrows in the head for the rest of life.
Imagine having to sleep on your stomach.
It's not going to work. They have to get out.
Take it easy now. It is much
easier if you do not twist.
Ouch!
Trust us now.
I'm fine. Okay, at 3. 1, 2 and 3.
I see nothing.
Is that the point?
Was the operation successful?
Not at all.
It's absolutely awful.
-I can see far into your head.
- You were right about it with barbs.
You came straight from the forest now
all alone? No guards?
-No.
- Why didn't you quit?
Why should I leave?
I'm a volunteer here.
I was set free
in the mid 80's.
It felt completely wrong to me out there
on their own. Everything went so fast.
I like better
in fixed frames in here.
-You are institutionalized, that is.
-Yes, yeah.
Nothing is better than working
for others without getting paid.
- A lot of things are better than that.
-I strongly doubt that.
Just give this some time,
then you will love it.
Yes ...
Where's the slave
who is in charge of the grua?
It's insanely cold here!
I prefer everything tempered!
Go and find him right away.
This he must lose an ear for.
He is gone.
- We can't find him.
-Block the horn.
Ragnar, Frøya,
look for tracks on the north side.
Will, see if there is a boat missing.
Arvid, you stay here with me.
We'll find the miserable slave.
Arvid!
What are you imagining now?
- We're going on a cruise.
-Tokt?
Yes. Mini Cruise. It has escaped a slave
which we must find and bring back.
So the deal to take a couple
horns met with Ansgar and Lone -
- isn't that important anymore?
It was today, that.
- There will be no fencing on you.
But Chief Olav needs me.
Seriously. You can find
a crap slave without Arvid.
Yes it's all right.
Ansgar and Lone are the deafest in the world.
I don't even know them.
That's one of the points - that you should
get to know some of my friends.
- But this is very important.
- Friends are important!
You have no plans to be angry
when you deal with breach of contract?
Then we have traces! He is
on the way north through the forest!
Get the dull dragon flying,
frog-snake, below from Nida-fjell.
Praying corpses in the feather room, flying overhead full.
Nidhogg pink.
Now they will search.
Look - goose bumps. It's so beautiful!
A real effort
to listen to. It's so strong.
Toast! Nice that everyone could come.
-Toast.
That everyone should
prepare a poem that means -
- something special to them. Maybe
you can read your poem, Arvid?
I don't know so many poems,
but I have written one myself.
-So good!
-I don't know, but ...
-Don't sell yourself short.
- We're excited.
It is probably a real hiding place
poet beneath the rough exterior.
Give us something real
poetry to chew on now.
- Should I just start?
-Yes, drive on.
One, two, three, pants down.
Four, five, the dick forward.
Six, seven, eight, into the cone.
I'll stop you there.
Nine ten. Then we pee.
Yes ...
Help.
Thank God.
I've been caught by barbarians
on the other side of the mountain.
What are you saying?
You will not believe what kind
people it is. They keep slaves.
Thank you, God, for finding you.
It's not just me. There are many.
Unworthy conditions. To say the least, the sanitary conditions ...
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Relax. You are absolutely safe here.
Take it easy.
Join me and we'll find ...
The seashore buzzed about the sword.
Flein flood falls in the fjord on Stord.
That was nice.
There you have real poetry, Arvid.
What do you think he means
"The fire of fire burned in bloody screams"?
I really think he means it
he says. That's what is common.
It might be more about what it is
not to say, that between the lines.
What do you think?
Almost amazing how small
takes place in the huge head there.
Is anybody home?
Seriously? What's happening? Whose
Do people in distress enter even more distress?
- What's the matter?
-Oh, great Odin. Receive our sacrifice.
Now you are
very reckless with that torch.
-Quiet! You're passionate about a good cause.
Wait!
You can't burn
an artist. I am valuable.
-I can play.
-Never heard of.
It is the best thing in the performing arts.
Pantomime, then? Not pantomime?
Enchantment, then?
You must have heard about that.
Yes, now we are excited. And real
sorcerer. See what you're good at.
Nothing unusual
with those hands here?
What do you say if I went
of me the one thumbs up?
It doesn't work. It can't be done.
Thumbs stuck down.
He ripped his thumb off and set it
back space. It doesn't even bleed!
He walks along a wall of air.
Now he looks out from the air wall.
-He looks out from behind a wall of air.
-Yes.
Now he moves forward
in an imaginary rope.
He climbs in an imaginary rope.
-This is super magic.
-Yes.
He pulls down a hatch, I think.
Yes! Looking inside. Leaning in the hatch.
He is much more valuable than we thought.
Opens a door.
What happens now?
Why does he just stand there?
What is it
is he building up now?
Who are you?
-What do you want?
-You have something that belongs to me.
We really have control here now.
Have you heard of the man
who had too much control?
-No?
-No.
Where was I?
Yes, you have something that belongs to me.
-What?
-That.
Usually I would have killed you all.
But you have evoked great magic
in something I thought was an ordinary slave.
So we're just content with this here.
You hear me? Never ...
Never stole from Chief Olav.
Jump! Jump!
Yes, a noble man said so
like a silly scream about the chimney.
-Gorgeous!
-Yes.
Maybe it was a little simple.
Arvid, what is it about here?
It is very basic.
Come on. Peekaboo!
He didn't understand this either.
Is anybody home? Hello!
What in Locke's name is what you run
with? Apologize in any case.
No New Year celebration with friends
if you box the ladies in the face!
Hello. You're just a little late.
-Was it fun? Do you enjoy yourself?
-That's the way things are.
It's all about giving and taking.
Friendships are important,
so one has to prioritize.
- So you had to give some?
-Frøya, it ...
Arvid, we're talking in town
about what happened.
It wasn't quite inside.
No, but in a couple relationship it is
It is important that you have different interests.
Now it was Liv's interests
more important than mine.
Don't lose yourself
in the relationship. It's Rule # 1.
Mutual respect
thought I was rule # 1.
I feel that I have plenty.
Life, I wonder
whether the door is jammed.
Life, come on, then!
Life, sorry about that with Lone. Sånt
should not happen. I lay flat.
Life, come on, then!
Hey Hey! Hey you! What a nice and
nice toddler you were. Outside and toys?
That's nice.
Want to play with me? So good.
Have you heard of a game like that
called "digging out the body"? No.
Take that shovel there and come here,
and I'll show you some fun.
There, yes. Very good. Then you take
and digging gently around my head.
It's a bit uncomfortable
for me to be buried.
Ouch! What are you doing,
the horn of hell?
No. Do not do it.
You will regret it.
Ouch!
Water! I need water!
Can I have some water?
Certainly with a slice of lemon!
Possibly paste.
Normal water works well too.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Orm, brother of the chieftain.
First in the succession,
so I'm kind of a big guy.
Can you get me out of here?
-It's not impossible.
Rumor says you have
any amazing skills?
- I'm very curious.
-Pantomime and thumbs-up.
People said
it was a magical performance.
Just simple tricks to please
children. I'm actually an actor.
What is it?
You pretend to be someone you
is not, to tell a story?
That is where the power lies
where I come from - in the arts.
Art can overthrow emperors
and make people wealthy.
You should have seen the life I had -
wealth, food, orgies every day.
-Orgier?
-Orgier, yes.
Men and women are entangled in each other
in the wormhole of naked bodies.
Totally naked? Both men
and women? Both genders?
-You just take the closest one?
- Everything was okay.
Well, we could have
something like this in the north too?
-Yes, why not?
-We have a lot to talk about.
-I feel like we have a ...
-Chemistry.
No, there is more contact.
Relational. That we have a lot in common.
I believe the word
you are looking for is chemistry.
No, there's more
a deeper understanding of each other.
-Yes, it's chemistry.
-No.
Hello?
Hello, is anyone there?
Orm, you're sneaking
around here again?
You have been told strictly
about not strolling around dostanga!
There have been too many negatives
reactions! This is very private.
Thanks for last.